Update archiving.md (#27006)
ocaml/opam-repository: governance/policies/archiving.md

The current compiler cutoff threshold is `4.08`.

> This threshold is subject to change by the opam repo maintainers based on the oldest compiler available on the maintained[^1] distributions tested in the opam-repository CI.

Author: In particular I don't really like this sentence :P

Reviewer: Would you like it better if it were refactored into a couple shorter sentences? E.g.,

```suggestion
This threshold is subject to change by the opam repo maintainers.
The threshold is based on the oldest ocaml compiler version available 
in the maintained[^1] distributions. It determines the minimum
compiler version used in tests for the opam-repository CI[^2].

[^2]: https://github.com/ocurrent/opam-repo-ci/blob/master/doc/platforms.md#ocaml-versions
```
